README.md, before:

﻿# NeuroNest

NeuroNest is a Chrome extension that provides a collection of experimental web functionalities for timetable exports and automated benchmark tests.

## Features

- **Timetable Tools**: Locates and downloads course schedules from supported sites as import-ready calendar (.ics) files. Currently supported: CarletonU .
- **Reaction Time**: Performs Human Benchmark's Reaction Time test.
- **Chimp Test**: Performs Human Benchmark's Chimp Test.

## Installation

### From the Chrome Web Store

1. Find the extension on <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/sparkling-h2o2/dolaidlinopdijhbmholdeilalbedhjm" target="_blank">the Chrome Web Store</a>.
3. Click "Add to Chrome".

### Manual (Locally)

1. Clone/download the respository.
2. Open Chrome and navigate to Extensions (`chrome://extensions/`).
3. Enable "Developer mode" by toggling the switch in the top right corner.
4. Click on "Load unpacked" and select the directory containing the extension files.

## Usage

### Timetable Tool

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Timetable Tool" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and select your requested term.
4. Start the tool

### Reaction Time

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Reaction Time" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and set reaction speeds.
4. Start the tool & begin the test.

### Chimp Test

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Chimp Test" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and set the tool's click interval & score.
3. Start the test & begin the test.

## Contributing

This project is a collection of web experiments; contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

0.3.5 reader, redirect to minecraft.wiki integration

README.md, after:

﻿# NeuroNest

NeuroNest is a Chrome extension that provides a collection of experimental web functionalities for timetable exports and automated benchmark tests.

## Features

- **Timetable Tools**: Locates and downloads course schedules from supported sites as import-ready calendar (.ics) files. Currently supported: CarletonU .
- **Reaction Time**: Performs Human Benchmark's Reaction Time test.
- **Chimp Test**: Performs Human Benchmark's Chimp Test.
- **Reader.**: Distraction-free reader mode for Chrome.
- **Redirect to minecraft.wiki**: Automatically redirects minecraft.fandom.com to minecraft.wiki.

## Installation

### From the Chrome Web Store

1. Find the extension on <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/sparkling-h2o2/dolaidlinopdijhbmholdeilalbedhjm" target="_blank">the Chrome Web Store</a>.
3. Click "Add to Chrome".

### Manual (Locally)

1. Clone/download the respository.
2. Open Chrome and navigate to Extensions (`chrome://extensions/`).
3. Enable "Developer mode" by toggling the switch in the top right corner.
4. Click on "Load unpacked" and select the directory containing the extension files.

## Usage

### Timetable Tool

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Timetable Tool" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and select your requested term.
4. Start the tool

### Reaction Time

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Reaction Time" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and set reaction speeds.
4. Start the tool & begin the test.

### Chimp Test

1. Open the extension popup.
2. Navigate to the "Chimp Test" section.
3. (Optional) Navigate to configuration, and set the tool's click interval & score.
3. Start the test & begin the test.

## Contributing

This project is a collection of web experiments; contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
